🎉 New source: Primetric (#15880)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/sources/primetric.md

* [People](https://developer.primetric.com/#21d5b65a-2f0d-464a-a6c3-8026f0096b83)
* [Projects](https://developer.primetric.com/#2dbef41d-2b82-4697-a5b8-15b253077703)
* [Projects Vacancies](https://developer.primetric.com/#c43bef20-60c4-4f83-bbf0-0aa55c05d4d9)
* [Rag Ratings](https://developer.primetric.com/#1dfc0346-4f47-4e32-b602-00700404f881)
* [Skills](https://developer.primetric.com/#f60a6ff4-b301-4bff-9a7d-a7694572bfb4)
* [Timeoffs](https://developer.primetric.com/#daecfab4-1f4a-4744-b6eb-49f291b6092c)
* [Worklogs](https://developer.primetric.com/#cd27074c-2918-4894-b656-c56d38527981)

If there are more endpoints you'd like Airbyte to support, please [create an issue.](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/issues/new/choose)

### Features

| Feature                       | Supported? |     |
|:------------------------------|:-----------|:----|
| Full Refresh Sync             | Yes        |     |
| Incremental Sync              | No         |     |
| Replicate Incremental Deletes | No         |     |
| SSL connection                | Yes        |     |
| Namespaces                    | No         |     |

## Getting started

> Primetric enables makes resource planning easier. With it you can manage your employee's skills and schedule assignment of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Primetric facilitates resource planning. With it you can manage your employee's skills and schedule assignment of
```

Author: Done!
